Week 1
Basic Commands
1.Using a Linux machine, you have the following directory tree:
/
|-- home
|   |-- cindy
|       |-- Pictures
|           |--Alaska
|           |--Canada
|       |-- Movies
|-- var
cd ~/Pictures/Alaska
cd /home/cindy/Pictures/Alaska
2. In Bash, which of the following commands can you use to view a long list of all files in the /home directory? Check all that apply.
ls -la /home
ls -l -a /home
3. In Bash, which of the following commands can you use to remove a directory named: "Miscellaneous Directory?"
rm -r Miscellaneous\ Directory
File and Text Manipulation
1. In Bash, which of the following commands can you use to view the contents of a document. Check all that apply. 
cat
less
2. In a Linux machine, you have the following files: 
apple.txt
banana.jpg 
chocolate.txt
orange.txt
What command can you use to search for the word "fruit" in the text files in the above directory? Check all that apply.
grep fruit apple.txt chocolate.txt orange.txt
grep fruit *.txt
3. In a Linux machine, you have a file named "types_of_fish.txt" and you want to append the word "trout" to the file contents. Which of the following commands can you use? 
echo trout >> types_of_fish.txt
4. In a Linux machine, you want to list through a directory called /home/ben/Documents and search for the word "important" in the filenames in that directory. Which of the following commands can you use? 
ls /home/ben/Documents | grep important
week 2
Permissions
1. What are the basic linux file permissions? Check all that apply.
Read
Write
Execute
2. You're given the output of an ls -l of a file in Linux. 
ls -l books_file
dr-x-wxr--  1 phelan cool_group 0 Aug  20 11:10 books_file
Answer the following question: What does the first character of output signify?
books_file is a directory
3. You're given the output of an ls -l of a file in Linux. 
ls -l books_file
dr-x-wxr--  1 phelan cool_group 0 Aug  20 11:10 books_file
Answer the following question: Who does the last trio of bits (r--) in the file permission and attributes refer to?
All other users
4. You're given the output of an ls -l of a file in Linux. 
ls -l books_file
dr-x-wxr--  1 phelan cool_group 0 Aug  20 11:10 books_file
Answer the following question: What permissions does the second trio of bits (-wx) give you? Check all that apply.
Write
Execute
5. If I wanted to change permissions of a file called honey_bears, what command could I use to grant write access to the owner of the file without changing other permissions? The owner currently only has read access to the file. Check all that apply.
chmod u+w honey_bears
------Week 3
---Software Distribution
1. What's the difference between an EXE file and an MSI file? Check all that apply.
An EXE file is an executable that may have an MSI file as one its resources.
MSI files are used by the Windows Installer to control how your application is installed.
2. When would you want to use an MSI file to guide the installation of a program, as opposed to an EXE?
When you want the Windows Installer to perform bookkeeping and setup for your application, at the cost of following the rules the Installer requires.
3. If you're performing an installation from the command line in Windows, what's the best method of checking out the options that the installation package provides? Check all that apply.
Consult the documentation for the application to see what options they provide.
4. What's the difference between apt and dpkg? Check all that apply.
apt installs package dependencies.
apt is used as a package manager.
dpkg is used as a standalone Debian package command.
5. Which of the following file extensions are considered archives in Windows? Check all that apply.
.tar
.zip
.rar
6. What's the PowerShell commandlet you can use to extract and compress archives right from the commandline? 
Compress-Archive
7. What's the purpose of a DLL in Windows?
To share a package of useful code among programs
8. Most shared libraries in Windows are managed by which of the following?
Side-by-side assemblies, or SxS
9. What's the correct commandlet to use in order to find a software package in the available package sources from the PowerShell command line?
Find-Package
---Package Managers
1. Which of the following PowerShell commands will install the package "awesomesoftware" from the Chocolatey software source?
Install-Package -Name awesomesoftware -Source chocolatey
2. Before you install software, which of the following commands should you run to get an updated version of your software?
apt update
---What’s happening in the background?
1. Which of the following tools allows you to create or edit MSI files?
   Orca
---Device Software Management
1. Which of the following is the piece of information that Windows will use to search for the right driver for a new piece of hardware connected to a Windows computer?
Ans: Hardware ID
2. In Linux, in the /dev directory, devices that start with sd can be associated with what type of device? Check all that apply.
Ans: Hard drives
     USB drives
     Memory sticks
3. Which of the following correctly describes a "Security Patch?" 
Ans: A piece of software that's meant to fix up a security hole.
------Week 4
---Filesystem Types
1. Which of the following is a characteristic of the FAT32 filesystem? Check all that apply.
Ans: It doesn't support files larger than 4GB.
     It's read and write compatible with Windows, Mac, and Linux OSes.
     Its filesystem size can't be larger than 32GB.
2. What's the difference between a GPT and MBR partition table? Check all that apply.
Ans: MBR only allows you to have volume sizes of 2TBs or less.
     GPT doesn't have a limit to the amount of partitions you can make.
     GPT allows you to have volume sizes of 2TBs or greater.
3. Before you can store files on a hard drive, which of the following has to be done? Check all that apply.
Ans: Format a filesystem
     Partition the disk
     Mount the filesystem
4. You want to format a partition with NTFS, and know that the data you'll be storing will consist mostly of many small files. In order to use as little space as possible, should you choose a larger or smaller Allocation Unit Size during the formatting process?
Ans: Smaller allocation unit size
5. In Linux, what could a device named /dev/sdb2 refer to?
Ans: The second partition of the second hard drive detected on the system
6. True or false: If you want to save space on a Windows computer, deleting the pagefile.sys file is a good idea. False
7. Which of the following commands in Windows will create a symbolic link called "cauliflower" to a file named "broccoli.txt?"
Ans: mklink cauliflower broccoli.txt
8. True or false: In modern versions of Windows, it's necessary to periodically run a Disk Defragmentation process manually to keep your disk healthy. False
9. In Linux, what's the difference between the commands df and du? Check all that apply.
Ans: df is used to find the amount of free space on an entire machine.
     du is used to find the amount of disk usage on a specific directory. 
10. In Linux, what's the difference between a hardlink and a softlink? Check all that apply.
Ans: A softlink points to a filename.
     A hardlink points to an inode.
     You can view the hardlink count of a file using ls -l.
11. Although NTFS is largely a self-healing filesystem, which of the following tools can you run to try to locate and repair serious disk corruption of the C: drive?
Ans: chkdsk /r c:
12. If you want to automatically mount a filesystem on computer startup, what file do you have to modify? 
Ans: /etc/fstab
------Week 5
---Life of a Process
1. True or false: Windows processes can operate independently of their parents.
Ans: True
---Managing Processes
1. Which of the following tools can help you gather information about the processes running on a Windows operating system?
The Task Manager
The tasklist utility from a command prompt
The Get-Process commandlet from a PowerShell prompt
All of the above
2. If you restart a process using the Process Explorer utility, what will the new parent of that process be?
Process Explorer
---Process Utilization
1. Which of the following PowerShell commands will tell you which process on your system is using the most CPU resources?
Get-Process | Sort CPU -descending | Select -first 1 -Property ID,ProcessName,CPU 
2. If you have a slow computer, what are some possible culprits that could be causing this? Select all that apply.
High CPU usage
Lots of I/O activity
High RAM usage
Too many processes running
3. In a Linux machine, what command can you use to safely terminate a process with a PID of 342?
kill 342
4. In a Linux machine, what command can you use to absolutely kill a process with a PID of 342?
kill -KILL 342
5. In a Linux machine, what command can you use to suspend a process with a PID of 342?
kill -TSTP 342
